# 1st-VPN_proxy_tor-Master
I meet here all my friends and all who interested in developing this app for ex.  for Android.  I want in near future find good friends here to become members developers, one who knows different supplies for working, ones who only just giving new ideas. This is real project, because I have decisions how to create good base for creatin resultative soft just inside my organization. We really have problem with apps we buy and install. Those (most) apps are not working properly or done like by a donkey. What I really want - CREATE BIG BASE OF MEMBERS WHO RESULTATIVE COMMUNICABLE CLEVER A BIT AND JUST THAT WHO GIVES ADVICES CAN HELP----LISTEN:: BETTER THAN OTHER COMUNITY OF GOOD PEOPLE WHO HAVE IDEA TO MAKE AND CREATE SOMETHING INTERESTIN AND USEFULL, TIPS, TRICKS, TWEAKS, BLOGS, POSSITIVE IDEA TO MAKE BETTER WORLD, HELP OTHER, FRIENDSHIP, AND 2IN1 INCREASE YOUR LEVEL, KNOWLEDGES, BECOME CREATOR OF LIFE.! OK,  all who interested in my plan, enyone who have ideas to go AsfPHOEN1X (c) healing insight way... DON'T THINK,  JUST CONNECT! PS the project will in few months give some results and not only in productivity but in cash also, but it is not in prime. LET'S GO PEOPLE, FIGHTING LAZY AND TAKING PLACES- GIVE TO THIS PROJECT FEW MIN. /EVERY DAY.  COMPANY ENSURE GOOD RESULTS "GARANT"!!! Glad to meet u here how about cup of coffee and decision for result. Or no any coffee break, go to plan and do this and that today,  see my apps,  or just be welcome,  I glad to see everyone! 
